DEVDOCS-5159 [revise]: BC4WordPress, Troubleshooting, update with new guidance; tokens, error logs, cron jobs (#2008)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/setup/troubleshooting.mdx

}
```

> When using the `Fast` (headless) import, apply the right scopes to your API keys. The Storefront API tokens, and Storefront API impersonation token, scopes are required. Create a new token with the correct scopes by going to **Dashboard** > **Settings** > **Store-level API accounts**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `Fast` (headless) import, apply the accurate scopes to your API keys. The Storefront API tokens and the Storefront API impersonation tokens require scopes. Create a new token with the correct scopes by going to **Dashboard** > **Settings** > **Store-level API accounts**.
```

Use the following steps to reset the webhook settings:
 
1. Go to **BigCommerce** > **Settings** > **Product Sync**. 
2. Disable webhooks and save settings. 
3. After the page reloads, go to the **BigCommerce** > **Settings** > **Product Sync** again and re-enable webhooks.

### Cart/Checkout URL doesn't work or gives a 404 error

> If you get a 404 error, or are confronting an issue with the URL, you can fix this in the WordPress control panel. Be sure to set the correct permalink structure in the WordPress admin panel by clicking **Settings** > **Permalinks**. For correct plugin work, enable any permalink structure except a plain one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get a 404 error or are confronting an issue with the URL, you can fix this in the WordPress control panel. Set the correct permalink structure in the WordPress admin panel by clicking **Settings** > **Permalinks**. For correct plugin work, enable any permalink structure except a plain one.
```

* Security modules (Mod_Security) can block requests
* Server is trying to resolve the bigcommerce.com domain using IPv6 instead of IPv4

## Resources

> If you repeatedly encounter the same error or warning and this page doesn't solve your issues then please create an Issue in our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/bigcommerce/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/issues). Be sure to provide as many details as possible including the BigCommerce for WordPress plugin version, PHP version, and my SQL version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you repeatedly encounter the same error or warning and this page doesn't solve your issues, please create an Issue in our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/bigcommerce/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/issues). Be sure to provide as many details as possible, including the BigCommerce for WordPress plugin version, PHP version, and my SQL version.
```

<Callout type="info">

>   Sometimes errors don't appear in the BigCommerce for WordPress plugin logs but they can still affect the plugin. If you have exhasted all triaging steps then it's suggested that you enable server error logs. You can usually find these settings in your server's control panel or admin dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sometimes errors don't appear in the BigCommerce for WordPress plugin logs, but they can still affect the plugin. If you have exhausted all triaging steps, then it's suggested that you enable server error logs. Usually, these settings are in your server's control panel or admin dashboard.
```
